In a land far away with ghosts and demons, lived an elf. A shy small elf, named Chad, who was sad all the time, he felt like he did not belong in this scary land. All he wanted to do was make toys and eat candy, but he had to spend all his time hiding from the ghosts and demons. He dreamed of snow and meeting his elf parents and feeling like he belonged, instead of feeling scared and alone all the time. One day, Chad ran straight up to a demon and he was scared the demon would kill him, but the demon looked at Chad and asked him what was wrong. After a little while of talking to the demon, Chad felt like he was making a friend, his first friend in the land. His new friends name was Kyle.
Kyle wasn't like the other demons. He liked chad, candy and toys. But kyle hated his demon body. For as long as kyle has existed, he has surpressed his demonic impulses, locking them away in the depths of his mind. Chad knew nothing of kyles demonic nature, he felt safe around kyle, but he had yet to meet any other demons. Chad only met with kyle during the day, and kyle never brought chad to his lair, knowing full well that the other demons would consume chad if given the chance. One day kyle woke up to a knocking, he got up and looked out the window. It was chad.
Knowing he didn't have much time, Kyle dashed out to the door where Chad sat waiting patiently for his friend. Kyle tried desparately to get Chad to run home before the other demons caught wind of the sweet-loving elf but to his dismay, he refused. Slipping into the lair unfazed by the potential for danger, Chad made his presense known to the other demons by slamming the door of the lair closed. Enraged, the other demons appeared before the tiny elf and pushed him into the corner of the room. Frightened by the menacing demons, Chad cowardly holds out a small present before him. Kyle looks on in horror knowing he could do nothing for his new friend as the demons reach for Chad. Instead of grabbing Chad, the present is swiped from his hands and torn open in a frenzy of sharp claws. Within the present contained a strong glass capsule that resonated with a mysterious energy. The capsule began to glow brighter and brighter until Kyle had to look away. When Kyle saw the lair begin to dim again he looked to where Chad had been cornered, he was unscathed and the demons had dissapeared along with the capsule. Confused as to what had happened, Chad shrugged his shoulders mumbling "Not even demons can resist the temptation of a present". 
